and then youtube people I knew a lot
well received here for another gameplay
samsung galaxy tab 3
the game is this one O gravity project
Come on, let's go, this game, I already made one.
I do not remember his gameplay.
the tablet that I did tablet or cell phone
but it's very cool
begin as he uses the accelerometer
being personal in advertising upon
because I have the internet connected
below is the next command to
low
beauty
just this same level two for each
table top mug
there they saw that I passed that he did not
did not or was not on bi in that fault
was the personal tablet to tablet the piece
is not it
come on c'mon c'mon c'mon
beauty level 3 but saw that it goes
get ready now with us
Michael Jackson
had what at each stage they give a bad one
Needs an upgrade of difficulty, right?
Stage 4 Let's go to level 4
It's all over the time they have to get
or the time is running out you have
who pick up the boxes if you do not
catch the walk 5
Come on, let's go and get the bonus.
here's his version here and so far ahead
level 6 what I'm in the first phase
people here begin to complicate
there is again not obeyed command
the ta ta's great seeing that not obeyed
again when I come back
in the other it does now time was no name
to know if the person is not obeying
horta seeing that he did not obey again
When he comes back and makes the jump, he looks only
ae I was now looking at home has
even the clock as you try to end it
this phase is what steals sums up the law
before
and friend
I do not know very well after the time in
club
level 6 is this personal let's go back
which is the main menu large project
play very nice interests me challenges
you each from the fifth level already
start to challenge you already you're very cool
OK
no he shows no more the 112 3 to 1
still personnel in sector 1
I have 23 1 456 my father until the sixth
folks
If you liked your jewelry, leave a
thank you thank you and see you